It's up to you.; 由你决定。
It's up to you to carry out the plan.; 由你实行那个计划。
I envy you.; 我羡慕你。
How can I get in touch with you?/How can I contact you?/How can I reach you?; 我怎样和你联络？
Newspapers keep us in contact with the events of the world.; 报纸使我们了解/得知/晓得世界大事。
Where can I wash my hands?; 请问洗手间在哪里？
What's the weather like today?; 今天天气如何？
What's it like, being an actor?; 当演员是什么滋味？/作为一个演员，你有何感受？
Where are you headed?; 你要到哪里去？
I wasn't born yesterday.; 我又不是三岁小孩。
What do you do for relaxation?; 你做什么消遣？
It's a small world.; 这世界真小。
The whole world knows that.; 那个事人人皆知/谁都知道。
He is a big figure in the business world.; 他在商界是一位很有威望的人。
It's my treat this time.; 这次我请客。
The sooner the better.; 愈快愈好。
When is the most convenient time for you?; 何时最方便？
Is it convenient to you if I come at 6 p.m.?; 如果我下午 6 点来拜访你，你方便吗？
Take your time.; 慢慢来/别着急。
I'm mad about Bruce Lee.; 我迷死李小龙了。
The girls all went crazy over him.; 姑娘们都为他神魂颠倒。
How do I address you?; 我怎么称呼你？
What was your name again?; 请再说一次名字好吗？
Would you care for a cup of coffee?; 要杯咖啡吗？
She turns me off.; 她使我厌恶。
I turned off when they started talking about computers.; 当他们谈论计算机时，我失去了兴趣。
So far so good.; 到目前为止都好。
So far I have been learning about China.; 到目前为止，我一直在研究中国的事情。
I've been here for three weeks, and so far I've enjoyed it.; 我已经在这里逗留了三个星期，到现在为止，我过得很快活。
It drives me crazy.; 它使我疯了。
Continual failure drove him to suicide.; 不断的失败逼得他自杀。
The failure drove him into despair.; 这次失败使他绝望。
Poverty and hunger drove them to steal.; 贫穷和饥饿迫使他们偷窃。
Anger drove her mad.; 她气得快发疯了。
drive sb. crazy/to insanity/out of his mind; 将某人逼疯/使某人精神失常/使某人丧失理智
She never showed up.; 她一直没有出现。
Did everyone you invited show up?; 你邀请的人都来了吗？
It was eleven o'clock when he finally showed up.; 他最后露面时，已经 11 点钟了。
That's not like him.; 那不像是他的风格。
I couldn't get through.; 电话打不通。
I got sick and tired of hotels.; 我讨厌宾馆。
Be my guest.; 请便/别客气。
Can you keep an eye on my bag?; 帮我看管一下包好吗？
Let's keep in touch.; 让我们保持联系。
He is now out of touch with his old friends.; 他现在已经没有和他过去的朋友联系了。
Let's call it a day.; 我们今天到此为止。
I couldn't help it.; 我没办法。
Something's come up.; 有点事。
Let's get to the point.; 让我们来谈要点。
Keep that in mind.; 记住那件事。
It'll soon go out of mind.; 这件事很快会被忘记。
